# Technical_Forum_Django
TECHNICAL FORUM is work of creating a web application. This web application is mainly used to share technical knowledge across everyone. Anybody had a query on technical challenges user could raise request through this portal by selecting their question selecting the technology and description of the query. Post fill the above requested details  this query will get published across all user. So if anybody knows about it user could provide their input on portal post logging into it. The best answer would get selected according to most like on the page with their answer. This we could called it as reputation in terminology. The reputation will get calculated according to their weightage of the answer most like of their answer. Ranking system would be available monthly to display on the top of the dashboard every month. Project has many modules where user must be a register user. Post login into the portal ease use of portal.  User could ask their question in short duration of time.  Developed a module where the unanswered question will be listed expert or those who know answers could reply to it.  No junk replies should be there this project is mainly used to college and IT industry since in college in growing point so if a student  gets doubt on any upcoming technology user could login this portal and upload their question in less than duration.  So if any colleague could help their providing proper information  routing into proper page.  IT also applies on same concept here we have challenge on sharing knowledge between other and gain knowledge with in it.  So the health conversation will be there always.
